and I'm down in the market again and
today I'm gonna cook a really nice quite
a sexy little for rich quite nice little
started maybe for dinner party it's a
fried chicken livers with pear and I've
got some Kingston black West Country
aperitif lots of butter as usual fresh
war green pepper bit of rye toast and
celery leaves maybe a touch of vinegar
we're going to start off by getting the
toast ready because that may take a
little while
touch of olive oil so the bread is a rye
bread not humming centrai just a little
bit of rye flour in there so I'm hoping
is going to add a little bit of sourness
to the whole flavor of fish I'm going to
take my pear pears work really nicely
with chicken livers and the sweetness
and the slight kind of earthiness of the
flavor really really balances and nicely
the thing about pears is they are quite
hard to find in when they're in really
good nice right condition because they
can be hard and then suddenly turn
around and they've gone over right with
them just turning the toast looking that
that's nice so I'm just cutting out the
core but if you give me a choice of a
really pretty ripe pear over an apple
I'm not even too prepared to be honest
I'm I'm a bit of a pear fan
there's a lovely complexity to the
flavor so I've got a really nice hot pan
there but it's going in just melting
that in the pan I'm going to sprinkle a
tiny bit of sugar to help with the
caramelization just kind of pair into
slightly smaller segments and those are
going to go in the pan there we go get
the butter nicely frothing forget about
those for a second I'm going to tell you
a little bit about chicken livers I
think that chicken livers are very very
much maligned awful people get quite
scared of cooking awful but they're rich
earthy very sexy and if you don't you
don't want overcome because they dry out
and they can be really really horrible
okay so toast this bun that's lovely
I'm just
there's somewhere so stays warm I think
it's a bit ambitious with all this means
to try and get both sides of the pair
caramelized because also this hair is
quite right so it'll just fall apart but
you see that's exactly what you want
then I just take these out in the pan
for a second get all those lovely bits
of camera eyes butter mix it up touch
more butter again I want to get my pan
really hot chicken livers going in the
pan you don't want to cook your chicken
livers for too long basically if you do
then you're going to end up with them
dry pretty unappetizing to be on
instrument I'm just making sure that
I've got color at least on one side
really really beautiful color on one
side of the chicken liver a little bit
of seasoning not going to put pepper in
because we've got these fresh green
peppercorns just crushing them a tiny
bit before I put them in they're gonna
be quite Lively lovely got the picking
color on the chicken livers asked
exactly were on it and then in go my
pears this is this wonderful Kingston
black slider protein just going to
deglaze the pan with a little bit of
that got my toast
I promise to add a few celery leaves but
I think this is just going to add a nice
slight difference to the to the dish
slightly tougher than pasties to make
sure you chop it quite finely put a
little bit of that in the now now and
that's just going to simmer away just
get those chicken livers cooked
perfectly
I think we're there I've got my toast
ready on the plate there we go and I'm
just going to let that reduce a tiny bit
more just a tiny tiny touch of vinegar
in there and that will help balance out
the flavor so that goes over there there
we go that's a fantastic very simple
sophisticated starter pan-fried chicken
livers with pears and fresh green
peppercorns